README.md, before:

# Seven Cells Applicant Interview Challenge
## Overview
Build a Todo list that utilizes React. This project should take no more than two hours to complete. Below, you'll find a list of MVP features that must be included in the final product, and a list of *strech goals* that can be completed if you're feeling up to the challenge. Strech goals are **optional** and will not lead to a disadvantage or disqualification should you choose not to complete them.

# What's in the repo?
In the repo, you'll find a basic create-react-app template. Feel free to modify the directories and code as you see fit. 

# MVP Requirements
- User can add items to the list
- User can delete items from the list
- Title contains a running tally of items on the todo list
    > ex) **You have 3 todos**
- UI style follows the image provided

# Strech goals
- Make the todo list responsive for mobile and large desktops
- Include a time for when the todo item was added, or for when the todo item is to be done.
    > ex) Go shopping @ 3:45pm 07/19
- Ability to edit existing todo items
- Ability to delete multiple items from the todo list
- Connect list to localStorage for CRUD features
- Connect application to a Node.js server for CRUD features
    > Provide documentation on how the enviornment should be setup
- Host the application on a free site (GhPages, heroku, etc)

# Deliverables
After completing the assesment, please respond to the email that sent you this repo with:
- A link to your GitHub repo
- A URL to the hosted application (Ignore if none)
- An estimate on how long the project took you.

Commit message:

Fixed typos and added image

README.md, after:

# Seven Cells Applicant Interview Challenge
## Overview
Build a Todo list that utilizes React. This project should take no more than two hours to complete. Below, you'll find a list of MVP features that must be included in the final product, and a list of *stretch goals* that can be completed if you're feeling up to the challenge. Stretch goals are **optional** and will not lead to a disadvantage or disqualification should you choose not to complete them.

# What's in the repo?
In the repo, you'll find a basic create-react-app template. Feel free to modify the directories and code as you see fit. 

# MVP Requirements
- User can add items to the list
- User can delete items from the list
- Title contains a running tally of items on the todo list
    > ex) **You have 3 todos**
- UI style follows the image provided

# Stretch goals
- Make the todo list responsive for mobile and large desktops
- Include a time for when the todo item was added, or for when the todo item is to be done.
    > ex) Go shopping @ 3:45pm 07/19
- Ability to edit existing todo items
- Ability to delete multiple items from the todo list
- Connect list to localStorage for CRUD features
- Connect application to a Node.js server for CRUD features
    > Provide documentation on how the environment should be setup
- Host the application on a free site (GhPages, heroku, etc)

# Deliverables
After completing the assessment, please respond to the email that sent you this repo with:
- A link to your GitHub repo
- A URL to the hosted application (Ignore if none)
- An estimate on how long the project took you.

# Reference image for styling
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33849433/179803197-d1641319-f64e-4182-b585-2d33b5b4081d.png)
